chore: Add smoke test (#80)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: tests/smoke-tests/README.md

# Smoke Tests

The purpose of the smoke tests is to find obvious issues in the e2e process of using the SAP Cloud SDK for AI libs.

The sample code app is running on Cloud Foundry and uses the current canary version of the SAP Cloud SDK for AI.

## Deploying a new version of the sample code app

The sample code app is deployed to SAP BTP nightly.
To deploy a new version of the sample code app manually, make sure to provide your own `.env` file in the `test/smoke-tests` subdirectory with the following environment variables:

- CF_API_URL
- CF_USER
- CF_PASSWORD
- CF_ORG
- CF_SPACE

Then, run:

```bash
pnpm smoke-tests create-deployment
pnpm smoke-tests cf-login
pnpm smoke-tests exec cf push
```

This copies the `dist` directory of the sample code app, logs in to SAP BTP and pushes the application using the CF CLI.

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run:

```
pnpm test:smoke
```

## Running the app locally

> 

Reviewer: Leftover?

Author: I didn't finish 🤦‍♀️

# Smoke Tests

The purpose of the smoke tests is to find obvious issues in the e2e process of using the SAP Cloud SDK for AI libs.

> The sample code app is running on Cloud Foundry and uses the current canary version of the SAP Cloud SDK for AI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample application runs on Cloud Foundry and uses the current canary version of the SAP Cloud SDK for AI.
```

Author: (I believe `is running` is better to express that it is running all the time)

## Deploying a new version of the sample code app

> The sample code app is deployed to SAP BTP nightly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample application is deployed to SAP BTP nightly.
```

> To deploy a new version of the sample code app manually, make sure to provide your own `.env` file in the `test/smoke-tests` subdirectory with the following environment variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy a new version of the sample application manually, make sure to provide your own `.env` file in the `test/smoke-tests` subdirectory with the following environment variables:
```
